# Spelling-Game

Spelling Game Description and User Guide
    Spelling game is a prototype that is made to help the user memorize how to spell words. It was created using an 8x8 LED matrix, LCD screen, two push buttons and a 2-axis joystick. After a the LCD screen displays “Spelling Game!”, the player is prompted to a press start screen. Once any button has been hit the LCD displays a few directions on how the game is played, beginning level one.
 At the beginning of each level the LED matrix scrolls through word printing each letter at a time. After the word is finished displaying, the LCD screen prints out a letter. The player must then use the joystick to scroll up or down through the alphabet, selecting the blue button to accept the letter moving on to the next letter in the word. 
The player repeats this process until they have the whole word printed out on the screen. Once they feel that they have accurately spelled out the correct word, pressing the yellow button will check to see if the inputted word was correct or not. If the word was spelled correctly they will be prompted to a “LEVEL COMPLETE” display on the LCD, or if not, the LCD screen will display “GAME OVER”.
    Depending on whether the inputted word was a success or not determines what happens next in the system. If the word was spelled correctly the game moves on to the next level, and displays the next level along with the high score. Each next level displays a different word on the LED matrix quicker than the previous level. If the word inputted was incorrect, after the game over screen the player is prompted to a “Last Level: “ display and a “High Score: “ display.  The game then resets and restarts the “Spelling Game!” prompt. 
Video Demonstration: https://youtu.be/CC_dZanOxe0 
